Document ut_holepunch extension. (#95)
bittorrent/bittorrent.org: beps/bep_0055.rst

:BEP: 55
:Title: Holepunch extension
:Version: $Revision$
:Last-Modified: $Date$
:Author:  Mihael Peklar <mihael1peklar@gmail.com>
:Status:  Draft
:Type:    Standards Track
:Requires: 10,29
:Content-Type: text/x-rst
:Created: 29-Dec-2018
:Post-History: 23-Feb-2019: initial version

The holepunch extension provides a way to connect to peers that are cannot receive inbound connections, whether they are behind a filtering NAT or a firewall that blocks incoming connections.

Protocol Extension
==================

The holepunch extension introduces a new message ``ut_holepunch`` via the extension protocol [#BEP-10]_.

.. parsed-literal::

    {
      m: {
        ut_holepunch: *<implementation-dependent local message ID (positive integer)>*,
        ...
      },
      ...
    } 
    
    

The extension message itself consists of the bittorrent extended message header and the following binary payload:

.. parsed-literal::    

    msg_type (1 byte): *<type of holepunch message>*
    addr_type (1 byte): *<0x00 for ipv4, 0x01 for ipv6 endpoints>*

>     addr (either 6 or 18 bytes): *<compact-encoded ipv4 or ipv6 endpoint, as determined by addr_type>*

Reviewer: It probably makes sense to break out the 2 byte port number as its own field here. And probably mention that the port and address is in big endian (or network byte order)

    err_code (4 bytes): *<error code as a big-endian 4-byte integer; 0 in non-error messages>*

Message types are defined as follows:

 ======== ============= =====================================================================
 msg_type name          description
 ======== ============= =====================================================================

>  0x00     rendezvous    Send connect messages to both the initiating peer and receiving peer

Reviewer: "receiving peer" sounds a bit misleading here. It's the peer at the IP specified in the message, not the peer receiving the `rendezvous` message.

 0x01     connect       Initiate a uTP connection to endpoint designated in addr
 0x02     error         Rendezvous operation cannot be completed
 ======== ============= =====================================================================

> The initiating peer sends a ``rendezvous`` message to the relaying peer, containing the endpoint (IP address and port) of the receiving peer. If the relaying peer is connected to the receiving peer, it sends a ``connect`` message to both the initiating peer and the receiving peer, each containing the endpoint of the other. Upon receiving the ``connect`` message, each peer initiates an uTP [#BEP-29]_ connection to the other peer.

Reviewer: I see, you use the term "receiving peer" as the peer accepting the incoming connection. Do you think you could think of a less ambiguous term? Maybe define the terminology up top as well, would be great I think

Author: Hm... Would "target peer" be acceptable?

Reviewer: "If the relaying peer is connected to the receiving peer", and it supports the holepunch protocol

Reviewer: I think that sounds better.

Author: Done.

> The initiating peer sends a ``rendezvous`` message to the relaying peer, containing the endpoint (IP address and port) of the receiving peer. If the relaying peer is connected to the receiving peer, it sends a ``connect`` message to both the initiating peer and the receiving peer, each containing the endpoint of the other. Upon receiving the ``connect`` message, each peer initiates an uTP [#BEP-29]_ connection to the other peer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The initiating peer sends a ``rendezvous`` message to the relaying peer, containing the endpoint (IP address and port) of the receiving peer. If the relaying peer is connected to the receiving peer, and the receiving peer supports this extension, it sends a ``connect`` message to both the initiating peer and the receiving peer, each containing the endpoint of the other. Upon receiving the ``connect`` message, each peer initiates a uTP [#BEP-29]_ connection to the other peer.
```
